Israel empties his vine he brings forth
Israel empties his vine he brings forth fruit for himself according to the
fruit for himself according to the
fruit for himself according to the multitude of his fruit he has increased
multitude of his fruit he has increased
multitude of his fruit he has increased the altars according to the bounty of
the altars according to the bounty of
the altars according to the bounty of his land they have embellished his
his land they have embellished his
his land they have embellished his sacred pillars their heart is divided
sacred pillars their heart is divided
sacred pillars their heart is divided now they are held guilty he will break
now they are held guilty he will break
now they are held guilty he will break down their altars he will ruin their
down their altars he will ruin their
down their altars he will ruin their sacred pillars for now they say we have
sacred pillars for now they say we have
sacred pillars for now they say we have no king because we did not fear the Lord
no king because we did not fear the Lord
no king because we did not fear the Lord and as for a king what would he do for
and as for a king what would he do for
and as for a king what would he do for us they have spoken words swearing
us they have spoken words swearing
us they have spoken words swearing falsely and making a covenant thus
falsely and making a covenant thus
falsely and making a covenant thus judgment springs up like hemlock in the
judgment springs up like hemlock in the
judgment springs up like hemlock in the furrows of the field the inhabitants of
furrows of the field the inhabitants of
furrows of the field the inhabitants of Samaria fear because of the calf of Beth
Samaria fear because of the calf of Beth
Samaria fear because of the calf of Beth even for its people mourn for it and its
even for its people mourn for it and its
even for its people mourn for it and its priests shriek for because its glory has
priests shriek for because its glory has
priests shriek for because its glory has departed from it the idol also shall be
departed from it the idol also shall be
departed from it the idol also shall be carried to Assyria as a present for King
carried to Assyria as a present for King
carried to Assyria as a present for King J rev Ephraim shall receive shame and
J rev Ephraim shall receive shame and
J rev Ephraim shall receive shame and Israel shall be ashamed of his own
Israel shall be ashamed of his own
Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel as for Samaria her King is cut
counsel as for Samaria her King is cut
counsel as for Samaria her King is cut off like a twig on the water also the
off like a twig on the water also the
off like a twig on the water also the high places of even the sin of Israel
high places of even the sin of Israel
high places of even the sin of Israel shall be destroyed the thorn and thistle
shall be destroyed the thorn and thistle
shall be destroyed the thorn and thistle shall grow on their altars they shall
shall grow on their altars they shall
shall grow on their altars they shall say to the mountains cover us and to the
say to the mountains cover us and to the
say to the mountains cover us and to the hills fall on us O Israel
hills fall on us O Israel
hills fall on us O Israel you have sinned from the days of Gibeah
you have sinned from the days of Gibeah
you have sinned from the days of Gibeah there they stood the battle in Gibeah
there they stood the battle in Gibeah
there they stood the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not
against the children of iniquity did not
against the children of iniquity did not overtake them when it is my desire I
overtake them when it is my desire I
overtake them when it is my desire I will chasten them peoples shall be
will chasten them peoples shall be
will chasten them peoples shall be gathered against them when I bind them
gathered against them when I bind them
gathered against them when I bind them for their two transgressions Ephraim is
for their two transgressions Ephraim is
for their two transgressions Ephraim is a trained heifer that loves to Thresh
a trained heifer that loves to Thresh
a trained heifer that loves to Thresh grain but I harnessed her fan
grain but I harnessed her fan
grain but I harnessed her fan I will make e friend pull a plow Judah
I will make e friend pull a plow Judah
I will make e friend pull a plow Judah shall plow Jacob shall break his clothes
shall plow Jacob shall break his clothes
shall plow Jacob shall break his clothes so for yourselves righteousness reap in
so for yourselves righteousness reap in
so for yourselves righteousness reap in mercy break up your fallow ground for it
mercy break up your fallow ground for it
mercy break up your fallow ground for it is time to seek the Lord till he comes
is time to seek the Lord till he comes
is time to seek the Lord till he comes and reigns righteousness on you you have
and reigns righteousness on you you have
and reigns righteousness on you you have plowed wickedness you have reaped
plowed wickedness you have reaped
plowed wickedness you have reaped iniquity you have eaten the fruit of
iniquity you have eaten the fruit of
iniquity you have eaten the fruit of lies because you trusted in your own way
lies because you trusted in your own way
lies because you trusted in your own way in the multitude of your mighty men
in the multitude of your mighty men
in the multitude of your mighty men therefore tumult shall arise among your
therefore tumult shall arise among your
therefore tumult shall arise among your people and all your fortresses shall be
people and all your fortresses shall be
people and all your fortresses shall be plundered as Xiamen plundered bethe
plundered as Xiamen plundered bethe
plundered as Xiamen plundered bethe arbel in the day of battle a mother
arbel in the day of battle a mother
arbel in the day of battle a mother dashed in pieces upon her children thus
dashed in pieces upon her children thus
dashed in pieces upon her children thus it shall be done to you O Bethel because
it shall be done to you O Bethel because
it shall be done to you O Bethel because of your great wickedness at dawn the
of your great wickedness at dawn the
of your great wickedness at dawn the king of Israel shall be cut off uh
king of Israel shall be cut off uh
king of Israel shall be cut off uh Turley